chambal moritz this is a very important victory for you
well sure
the winner of a competitor was in the right place
certainly two agents a nice match
twente well if you see that psv or twente has lost it with in the
The final stage made the domestic a trail of learning from the competitor
and that is good
utrecht to put a competitor on a business point of view that team's rankings
it is low that before the game is the number of previous you have to take
inside, of course, should be able to switch on good quality perhaps
that there should be nothing on the rankings if you look at it
from a good guys
well to pieces clean actually a top club in the Netherlands surely one
of the and yes then it is good that there is a play for this one
did you suffer from rebellious today do nothing about the the wind
In addition, everyone can deal with city conditions
and yes then they have to patch up to happen as well as possible to
to go
well we did that anyway i have you against and within a week earlier
I think we do well most eyes there
fight valley of a change in the style of smoking smokers did notice that he
circumstances would be like this afternoon
Well you should not assume that we assume what it is
the
And yes if you go once the media plan so harder to get a ball over the
defense and then still have to deal with it
you start
you said words that were in the basis that you must be particularly pleased
from the trainer of the tournament something like that i went to the phone yesterday
and then it is about going to the game
It is natural this week ago to get known I am happy there
note that I have enough what we have not made today
did you also get the message that it is perhaps of longer duration
shabaan sport no, I got a defender there, just look very satisfied
how it goes here part due to the knowledge in the basics and i have i like it
no more than 10 euros
nice nevertheless seems to get the currants out of the porridge and the ajax at home
now it is his turn to be the most beautiful portugal and that nice pot too
are of course it is nice to make it further that is strange
rose
want to train maldegem so that we naturally experience that
belong to it
which things should dare even better with it
I think the individual promotion offers are still available
that this may still be better each year and that this year will
Play explained that it had been sustained during those remaining notes
and I should never know where to go
but such a moment in the index has what happens to the aex together with that red card
drops
sanjay within the industry that the world cup or i have subscribed further in london 8
such a good shot may not say what happens further at all
or the way he himself didn't get it right